todo
-----

high priority
--------------------------------------

done - all the delete related ws can have messages from different chats, update the lasttextmessage for multiple chats if present.
done - the bottom tab badge should have the value of the unread chat count
done - floating chatdate separator showing if if the oldest message is visible
done - mark as read receieve ws should change the status of all previous messages 
done - call chats api and do the upsert chats if a new message is recieved from a stranger
done - when a mssg is read, make the update in local db also. also for chat unread count
done - last message of the queued mssg chat gets overwritten by chats api - this can be fixed by adding updated_at value when we update the last message text of the chat. and then when we call chats api, only if the updated at value from the server is latest, we need to update the chat.
done - offline support apis shouldnt show network error snackbar. make an array of offline supported apis
done - websocket disconnection online offline transition
done - global network listener?
done already - Disconnect ws on logout

 performance issue - Send button not clearing input and add a debounce
 chats table updatedAt value
check if we are using special field updatedAt and createdat, whatever.. watermelondb special fields in message table

 profile pic related changes:
 done - Compress image before uploading
 done - crop image before uploading profile picture.
 done - profile picture uploading forboth gallery and camera
 done - profile pic show in header in chatscreen
 done - delete profile pic api
 done - after updating the picture, should we delete the old pic to save storage
 done - fix the 2 warnings
 done - the login itself gives me api response. start downloading the profile pic from there itself?
 done - The profile pic image should be previewed when touched

typing ddoes not go off when the other user goes offline when typing - check for presence also. show typing only if the other user is online and typing



low priority
--------------------------------
 should we migrate to socket.io or should we stick to the current websocket architecture?
delete ws presence and all its dependency
deliverd i have to send? what if app is killed?
open a chat should initially scroll to last read message.